Managed db (#1044)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/language/features.md

Check below for more details on how to migrate from SQLite to PostgreSQL.

### PostgreSQL
When using `PostgreSQL` as your database (`app: { db: { system: PostgreSQL } }`), you will need to make sure you have a postgres database running during development (when running `wasp start` or doing `wasp db ...` commands).

> To help with this, Wasp provides `wasp start db` that starts the default db for you. Your Wasp app will automatically connect to it once you have it running via `wasp start db`, no additional configuration is needed. Wasp will require that you have `docker` installed for this though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help with this, Wasp provides `wasp start db` that starts the default db for you. Your Wasp app will automatically connect to it once you have it running via `wasp start db`, no additional configuration is needed. This command relies on Docker being installed on your machine.
```

Author: Sure, done! I am curious, why do you think this is better?

#### Custom database

If instead of using `wasp start db` you would rather connect to some other database, you will need to provide Wasp with `DATABASE_URL` environment variable that Wasp will use to connect to it.

The easiest way to provide the needed `DATABASE_URL` environment variable is by adding it to the [.env.server](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/language/features#env) file in the root dir of your Wasp project (if that file doesn't yet exist, create it).

### Migrating from SQLite to PostgreSQL
To run Wasp app in production, you will need to switch from `SQLite` to `PostgreSQL`.
1. Set `app.db.system` to `PostgreSQL`.
3. Delete old migrations, since they are SQLite migrations and can't be used with PostgreSQL: `rm -r migrations/`.
3. Run `wasp start db` to start your new db running (or check instructions above if you prefer using your custom db). Leave it running, since we need it for the next step.

> 4. Separately, run `wasp db migrate-dev` to apply new changes and create new, initial migration.

Reviewer: ```
```suggestion
4. In a different terminal, run `wasp db migrate-dev` to apply new changes and create new, initial migration.
```
